and so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
good luck in your search for the one !
why does everyone seem to want someone that they ca n't have and know that they should n't want .
do you like to argue and fight ? ? ?
so if you 're set on that , that 's the way to go ! !
my ex of __NUM years cheated .
work at it but do n't let him keep you locked up at home .
> > other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .
also men get bored and tire way before woman do .
she 's strong and loving and most of all ... really was n't as happy as she thought she was .
its one way of saying i do n't like you !
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ) .
he loves you , too , girl ... time will tell .
he wants me to change how i look .
i know i have someone to come home to .
did you fell goog because i want to have sex , but you have to be careful .
you want all your friends forever ? )
it does n't mean that you are slutty .
going to a club and dancing .
do n't go anywhere you went with him or her .
they 're a lot of fun - there 's plenty to do .
it all depends on when ur ready .
stay __NUM miles away from this guy .
just be prepared cause if it happen once it can happen again !
i 'm just looking for the girl who wants that time with me .
least not till he gets another girlfriend .
wife says , we do n't wear that shit .
if you 're asking , then you should break - up w / and open yourself to other options .
why do gays want to get married ?
( saying sorry to him without commiting a mistake is humilation to ur self ... and do n't ever get weak ! ! )
do you have to rush your choice ?
they both dont respect your feeling .
no seriously , think about howmany cocky girls are out there .
she is too afraid to ask him out .
get a grip , how can you love someone that you do n't even communicate with .
i 'd ask you out , but i live in oregon and have no idea where you live ...
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure !
i 'll probably go and see one .
either way , best of luck but i 'm just glad that i have brown hair ! !
mail me a pick honorarius @ yahoo . com and i will tell you ...
it is absolutely just a challenge ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
well - im girl so ill help u out .
dont tell them but let them find out once your in bed with her .
if i would 've kept my last name its just a freakin name .
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
he 's telling that to some gurls too ... he 's a womanizer . . .
drop his buttt , there are plenty of fish in the sea of amore : __NUM )
i know because i am just like your wife .
when she calls , text her back .
no way im __NUM ` __NUM and he ` s __NUM ` __NUM .
dont you know the number one rule , trust no one .
we 've tried breakin up a couple times but it never happens .
oh and some because theyre thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .
if u have penis than its no problem u just hv to penitrate her pussy with ur errect penis .
in that case tkake some defense classes .
i just got out of a __NUM yr relationship with my baby 's father .
what happened when the politician took viagra ?
hi , my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years .
i can onli say ... women r complicated ...
we like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing .
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them .
it is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after texting a few months .
hey , i 'm in nyc i 'll help you out if your around !
sounds strange but it worked in about __NUM - __NUM days for me !
do n't worry , i aint working with much either .
why does it matter what they think if they dont get along dont spend time togather .
if he is then you have a good man .
if he likes you , you 'll know !
i guess its normal , but id just move on .
the rest is easy from there ! !
i like any guy that is funny .
girl only you can decide on this ...
why do you ask this question ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
do go telling everyone just because you think thats right .
__NUM years gap is just nice .
then if he still does n't like you , then move on .
ok i see him ever week in psr but i just cant talk to him ! ! !
beacuse they feel insecure with less educated guys ... ... ... .
for one thing if it does n't work out there goes your job .
and i hope to god it does n't ever pass !
only the ones that are n't worth your time .
smaller of course , and it is all about looks ! !
you guys do n't have any reason to hate each other .
if you do n't you 'll always wonder .
some people choose not to because of thier religion , others do n't .
give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends .
the best of luck to ya !
men who were not ready to committ .
this is a big day in both of your lives , it shouldnt be done quickly and without thought .
i 'm __NUM years old and still live at home with my mammy , whats wrong with that ! ! ! !
one man willing to move __NUM hours / __NUM , __NUM miles just to be with me .
i must not be ugly enough then .
but thats ok . im a giver . wink , wink .
well depend on women wot she want .
remember it takes two not one .
if he really did n't like her and did like you , then he would have already dumped her for you .
hang around untill the bar closes -- or visit a prison .
please dont miss out on this one ! !
because believe it or not , women hate cocky men .
but stick with wats inside of u .
hell , it happened to me twice .
maybe your young , i do n't know .
no matter what he says , action speaks louder then words .
aint nothing in the world like a big boned gurl !
( even if he is rich , dont sell ur self .
just moved to sacramento , gay male , __NUM .
the people who are around you now , like your friends , should like you no matter what !
cuz they like the little titis and pussys .
wait til you get older and if you both still feel the same way then go for it !
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them .
no , not if you have to ask ...
and you want to suck another man 's d * * k ? ? ?
coz they are girls man and they are not as sofisticated as we are !
' ... does this mean he likes me ? .
dont worry about him n just sonsentrate in school so you can lern n then woory bout yer b / f .
i dated one and i know .
look at the way she walks .
no ( at least i hope not ) .
hello : i am looking to visit your country .
overtime should i give him another chance ?
the same guy you wan na be in a relationship with ?
i went and there he was .
( that 's what i called it ) .. but , why ?
that way you can still go by your last name !
both of u work hard to get it right ! !
i have told her i liked her and she said she would want to ruin or friendship .
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
show her your naked baby pictures .
is very important to last at least __NUM - __NUM minutes ! ! !
but i am not telling you to be celibate till then ; - )
if he if flurting with her ok jump him .
i love curly hair i like to run my fingers thru it .
i want my wife to grow too .
well that is just the way it is i guess .
one girl michelle , who probably would n't mind being named , spoke up and said she did n't believe in it .
i can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night 's trash ... ... . . lol .
but he was a lil busy after that .
i do not know what to do because she knows how much i care about him .
if you do eat something like that then just quit .
it could be that u need to piss or the last dream u had .
you know ... ... . if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask ... ... . sheesh !
if you were friends before and have stronger feelings now then it should be o > k >
and i want to try again .
figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers .
lie lie lie and then lie some more .
wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there !
if you two are at a dance , he should n't really care .
trust him , do n't bring it up again .
honestly , most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .
hell ya i would love to meet the ladys ! !
i actually ponder this one now and again .
i met this guy once , very romantic , i met him in this huge rainstorm .
ok now some guy 's like girls like that and some do n't .
it comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay .
when i fall in love , i feel stupid .
if you have to ask , then you are not in love .
if you start to feel the it comming on then start the four play again .
i do n't understand someone please give me the answer .
i saved a good $ __NUM - __NUM doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all .
i just got a divorce and so do did he .
but ask a girl about the sympthoms because i 'm a boy .
be you show a little toghness thats what girls like atleast most of them but mostly be yourself .
follow ur heart ... it 's neva wrong .
they bother u all day long .
see if he calls , e - mails or even cares .
you can do a civilian arrest answ3r3r .
a spasm in your back usually .
by now , you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured .
good luck and i hope everything goes well !
say i love you and if the wait to say it back it tells it all .
try asking her out again and see what she says .
; ) there is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
ask her questions ( do n't just talk ) .
when you first fall in love , your gitty , goofy , and silly happy just thinking about that person .
and remember there is more then __NUM !
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there .
we got married all over again !
all in all i do n't think it really matters .
and im sure as heck not driving __NUM hrs just to hang out unless i really really like her .
how often can you have sex with pam anderson ?
i told her that i loved her and truly meant it .
think about what good it brought about .
the thing is im a person that does not like to brake others heart .
give a rose and express ur love .
i like thick because i feel cheated with a thin one !
remember , till death do you part ! !
bcozz we always find a life partner therfor we attract with opposite side .
what the hell r ya talking abt ?
if you keep talking to him for another week , he might think he is married to you .
women dont want much , just some acknowldgement and sometimes help .
at least thats what it seems like to me .
do n't be afraid to say no .
dump him ... there are always more fish in the sea .
to me it realy dose ' nt matter , but a hand full is quite enought for me .
choose the one that adores you the most !
you still released at least a thousand !
you go to a bar and get drunk !
give it some time and thought .
no u shouldnt leave them ... just teach them what to do to please u better ...
bembie hit the nail on the head .
no . u guys kiss when ur ready .
haha julesac is funny , but mean .
if youre asking this , u surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend .
dont forget to choose and vote for best answer ! ! !
dont try to figure it out thats jus the way it is .
i dont know . but i know of another website that i go to . . .
ok it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this boy !
! he must be a control freak .
it all depends on the girl or the and how intersted the girl is in the guy .
look , try and get out to meet people .
usually it is multiple things not just one thing .
if u really really really really really really like them .
for the guys : ( a ) do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman ?
if all you do is argue it 's not worth it . . .
what makes it worse is that i already went out with him for four years ! ! ! !
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .
unless you dont love your husband anymore and you have room for another man ? ? ? ?
wife because then you can do more with out comminting a sin .
she definitely wants you to think she 's good looking , but she does n't want that to be reason # __NUM .
depends , some days i want to have sex , somedays i do n't .
plus they are more passionate in love makin .
if you play w / both at the same time , she will probably f - * # the sh % $ out of you !
because he would n't work , hit me , used guilt trips , was a big mama 's boy , etc .
maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen .
it really depends if someone is vain or not .
someone i can be myself with .
send me your picture and contact me ..
stay away from this guy friend .
the doctor ca n't even believe it .
yes for sure , especially when she throw up ! !
if not , then do n't sweat it !
i could give you some pointers .
if you feel your love is fading , do n't just sit there and do nothing !
i will not stay with someone i do n't trust .
i only once told a girl that i loved her , and i meant it .
you married him and it was for a reason .
rip off your shirt and do a tarzan yell .
yes , girl down there , do n't have sex .
they accept this in thier culture .
always trail ride with a friend .
you did n't give us very good information / do you all live in one house .
move on - so what if he 's hot ... looks are n't everything .
lol most important ... just be yourself .
yes be disappointed and be mad ! !
sorry , i never have felt that way !
i sure wont like any girl who would make my life difficult ...
or if he gets them first , you get the popcorn .
practice , ask if your doing good .
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you havent done allready .
well i met mine in a carnival .
sounds like a rhetorical question : )
well i believe everybody should keep their own name .
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in hevan .
there is nothing but trouble there !
how to make a woman happy to make a woman happy ... . ?
dont do things tht can get you hurt .
i mean of course you will be making more money if you work hard .
please do n't go up to her and tell her how good she looks .
i do n't think it 's good idea , u are not there for this purpose !
go up to her and say ' hi , are you single ? '
i think he would make a great valentine .
just be prepared to let her go .
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one .
just tell them , what are they gon na do , slap you ? ?
get a massage . . and get away from it all . . hehe . . .
well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him .
take them both out at the same time .
it happened to me and i am now dating that person .
only two points to make friends __NUM .
so you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you . . .
preferrably someone who does n't hate you .
we tried to move on but it did n't work .
when will people in this effed up world finally realize this ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
i would n't bother calling him back .
try not to hang out with him and find another guy .
look for another hot girl , so she will be jealous .
so in my opinon ur not a hoe !
red = love , black = death ect ...
if she likes him than she dont like u dump her is not his fault that she strays .
for me anything after __NUM days and i might start to forget about you .
find a girl who has talets she also must be prety .
there no one you can trust more than a good friend !
start the day off with breakfast out ... then perhaps a nice walk .
then go pick them up ( if she say yes ) .
if yes , why do i heard some girl said flowers ar not going to last ?
may be its interesting for them .
could it ever be the same ...
it 's not that bad ... at least it is not bella .
could it be because some men are liars and fat mouths ? ?
or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances ...
finally a culture that has it right .
my twin wont talk or listen to me .
want to get something you can not get rid of go ahead then .
only i am not thinking about him but i am having dreams about him .
if ur talkin ten then i think it would be fine to get a video / computer game .
go for it and take the chance ! ! !
if he ca n't then take him to a place where they have slowdances ( dinner date , maybe ? )
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life .
it 's your choice not to hate one , i dislike them to say the least .
never ever get married without a prenup ... .
get a life and do n't waste mine .
she says your too good for her ?
guys come & go , but friends are forever !
it could probably mean a lot of things .
yes it is normal cause their is lots of people who still likes some they broke up with .
i ` d like to see what a black female has to say about this .
guys are stupid ! who knows why they do what they do .
well if they gave you their phone number you dont have to wait at all .
cause were masters of the universe ...
i 'm in love and do n't care who knows it buddy the elf .
and whatever you do , do n't try to have both of them at once .
if you really wanted to be with him , you would n't be asking .
remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits .
when my sis kisses someone she closes her eyes to get ready .
now me , i would n't marry any women who did n't want to change her name , but that is just me .
umm small party for the family .
girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly .
and im only in fith grade o ya !
but you do what you want .
do n't do that , it wo n't work .
if they do n't , it 's time to move on .
he everything i ever wanted with the looks , money , stuff .
yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .
nope , she is not a liar .
shut the hell up and be gay if you want to ! ! !
and he had his nose pierced .
yup , i can lift him , he 's only __NUM ... . lol .
you need a therapist for that .
maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls .
you should go see a shrink !
giving you stupid excuses of the wall ! acting the way he did n't before !
be strong , and hang in there .
nope , he 's too darned big and i 'm too darned weak !
basically if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob / or slut then yes it is unattractive ...
exchange letters , e - mails , chat online , talk over the phone , send packages ... just keep in touch !
especially if you do n't feel like it .
he dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... __NUM points ...
giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .
i cant give you a wife view but hopefully mine is just as good .
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone ...
depends on the woman , it 's better shaved = - )
ask in english terms ... can not understand you .
hey , i 'm a guy , but i 'll tell you a little .
i like him alot and i want to win him over not push him away .
ok like i really really really like this guy and i dont know if he likes me back .
btw - ur avatar looks familiar .
it 's been over __NUM months & i ca n't seem to get over it .
maybe he thinks he will be turned down . just ask ... i would .
you got ta think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him !
a picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated ... . thats special .
i am in college and he is my only sourse of income until i get out .
listen it aint that easy . i got with my ex - boyfriend in 2nd grade , then again in 4th , and again in 8th .
i 've been with this girl for __NUM months and we have n't kissed is this bad ?
some guys do n't like boobs at all !
or that she just wants to see other people ?
and hes seen me every day for about __NUM or __NUM years !
there was his stop so he got off the train .
i mean the worst - the absolute worst - is that she says no . take a chance & good luck !
but , i know exactly what i want in a relationship .
i would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask u out sometime .
i also hate seeing my dad unhappy .
i feel bad because i know that i snore sometime -- most people do , right ?
i like sos and need to know if im in love .
if you guys truely love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc .
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits .
however that does not mean that big girls ca n't be cute .
but he is getting married this month .
but those guys are jerks and you do n't want them anwyay .
say will u go out with me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and get married only after you 've been with a guy for more than __NUM years .
man has penis and woman has clitoris .
seperate the bad thing and move on !
( it would be easier to do if i were mad , though ! !
if she will tell the administration i will be expelled coz its pakistan not america .
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will .
like i said ; he already knows that you like him , so just take a deep breathe and ask him .
maybe you and i can get together sometime & we 'll find love with one another .
i would be , but i 'm just married !
play the field a bit now .
as everyone said ... dont get married so early .
just want to know have you been to the doc yet !
pay attention to what the other person says !
just talk your spouse about this .
if you are into sixth graders you are obviously young .
i was thinking about a medium pink color , but with what ? ?
ask if they wan na go somewhere with you .
- a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum .
or do guys really do prefer bigger women ?
problem is i really like him .
so id say , they do work out , just not a lot of the times ... hope this helps ...
should i dump him because of his mother .
i did this before ( accidentally ) and my friend was mad that i deleted him !
i dont think i mind either way .
but thats her way ... you could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open ...
there are some that do , but you should be able to tel .
r u talking about ur avatar ?
i dont ever remember giving a girl a cristmas gift unless i liked her .
i do n't know what to do .
try to be your self and do n't show off .
so just take it day by day - step by step . think of how he lost a good thing .
dang it , if only every man knew what women want the world would be a much happier place ! ! !
compliments , honesty and make it about her .
i think hse will crash him !
it just means that she is really interested in the guy .
please do . . im thinking you would get slapped mid - reach , or kicked in the groin .
only now she and i are both divorced .
if he / she want to see you picture rightaway it sex !
hey it 's better than her givin u a fake # to call lol !
tell her to move to mass ... ... ... ... .
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you should n't get married .
the pictures i 've seen ... i would say maui or the bahamas .
the guy i like is mad at me .
you 're __NUM do n't even worry about it ...
that way you dont have to worry about you calling him too much !
i am a guy and let me tell you , we love to chase !
thanks for the pep in advance !
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away .
they think that they can control other peoples lives when thye cant .
thats weird but maybe idk ill talk to my friend by his locker .
i do n't know ... . how would you like something crammed up your butt ! !
if a guy cares he calls .
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday ?
he probably doesnt want to either .
hold her hands , look to her eyes and say it , but only say it if you really love her .
some guys do ... and some guys do n't .
hey i really want to know so please help me out ! !
the timing just wasnt right for it with the old guy ... you 'll see !
generally kind and my fifth : i 'll just be dissapointed if she 's stupid .
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
i do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible .
lol so if thats u u deff need to stop that is fonky ! !
do n't let her rule your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
i have yahoo email and that works for me .
i would n't worry too much about it .
oh yes , the trick ass hoe 's never had a chance .
when you can fart in front of the one your dating .
depends on how old they are .
and any guy who sas he woul is prolly not being entirely honest with himself .
if you flirt with him , the challange is not there .
if you need your x emotionally - then ya got some troubles .
__NUM to __NUM ... she does n't have to be younger than you .
my be she do n't love you but try to use your brean not your haerd .
if you want your girlfriend forever ... ... ... . then just do n't let her know that you want her forever , simple .
there are tons of cheap ideas out there , just find what you like and work with it !
and if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - dont .
find a nother girl and if that dosent work move back .
most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age , give ot take .
if u you act like dat all da time she might think u desperate .
not everyone on here is in school .
tell him what you really want ... that 's what they tell me but never got to do ... speak up ...
should i make the first move or should i wait for him to make the first move ?
what a typical double standard you have set up ! !
after a while you dont even see the color .
: ) i have n't tried it yet , but i am still trying to get up the nerve ... .
if you two are serious then asking her that question should n't bother her .
sak her out what 's up with that ?
how about ... would you like to go out with me sometime ?
yah look me up if you are ever in florida lol ! ! !
those was good times i tells ya .
its all about her , and no it shouldnt be something that happends on a first date .
do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time .
if he comes to his senses then great if not screw him ! !
you are too good for them .
jump him because she likes him ? ?
depending on the age , cds or dvds .
__NUM years down the road that is all you can be so start from the beginning .
ill like to visit usa what are the needfull things .
anyone with any ideas , tips or general info , email me back ! ! !
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down .
you dont look , just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a gf will come along .
do n't persue it , he is getting married .
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry ?
i mean if in your country there is an short messaging system in your cellphone then find a textmate ! !
then when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her in the lipps and then its up to you !
please be honest with me i can handle the truth .
have fun , and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what 's going to happen next !
its shows how much they care about you !
tell her that you miss her and that you love her .
coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk / talk / play in the park , museum , movie matinee .
what you whant is a hooker , you can find that in any corner of the world .
but now we do all these things together and i dont know what to do . . .
because if it fails you be up $ h * t !
and its been the best thing for at least me .
try using some of these , but only if they actually apply ! ! !
the problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst that he could of done .
if you are happy she should be happy , unless he really is being bad to you .
we like it when guys do things for us and think about us .
maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back .
tell him you do n't want a real relationship .
if you look creepy and you look . . they 'll all think you 're leering .
i do n't know about love , but he likes you for sure .
if a guy really respects u then he 'll understand .
ask yourself and decide . and if you can afford it , do if you want to .
because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy .
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad .
i dont think it is wise to date at work .
stupid u need a theory class __NUM that ! ! ! ! ! ! !
let it take it 's course from there .
about what they think about gay marrige / relationshiops ?
so ofcourse i had to ask him if he was blowin me off .
guys will think youre hot no matter what with this usually .
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you .
the safest rules of internet dating are these : __NUM . chat via email and messenger __NUM . chat on the phone .
marriage is really about trusting & communicating .
ok , so i had this problem too .
depending on what you kissed ; )
it depends on if you could trust him before !
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her .
uh - wher 've u been meeting these filipinas ?
imgaine if it was just considered love ? ?
that way , you are n't exactly telling them what you specifically do n't like about them .
if he is , then go for it !
then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie .
hey im sorry i do n't know and i wish best of luck to both of you !
however -- -- i find him looking at me every now and then .
this is sin , our selves have started this .
fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what i mean ) .
make a kind move , if no responce u know what to do !
let him make the first move if u do it may make u look like ur ubsesd with him !
you people have no right to get married !
my tragic love story was i loved him very much and he loved me too .
u seem desperate and you 'll never find a if you 're desperate .
but he swears that we 're just friends .
looks do n't really matter unless you are trying to prove something .
again , i know once u have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .
the fact that a guy is sooo self centered is a huge turn off for me .
do n't rush it feel all your emotions come alive .
it a two way traffic until you get them you will know which one it is .
so you have one baby out of wedlock .
i know i 'm overtly picky about people how can i stop it !
it hurts ... . alot ... maybe some girls might say that 's it ?
im going to jump that boy is that the right choice .
so it was a good ideea !
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off .
because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly .
i 'd perfer if they left me alone ... sorry , i got off - topic .
ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she 'd like .
you are a man < -- - term used lightly ! !
haha ... too bad it 's not automatic like msn or aol .
and thats how they 'll react to it so yea its bad situation for you and him .
go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you .
lol i too want to smack that smile off her face .
and ask if he wants to dance with you .
then she might say that looks ugly i think ( a color ) looks better .
ask him to go see a doc .
i never went out with him a second time .
first of all , why did u guys break up ?
why wait , , , , , go ahead do it .
as long as he dosent mind , who elses opinion matters ?
i think im still totally in love w / him ...
i never wanted to have sex again .
the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you .
if u have to ask other people i really dont think ur ready to .
im a gilr , i say those things ... .
a big savings area is flowers .
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens .
either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from .
well from your list , i would have to choose spiderman .
i was cheated on for __NUM of the years .
all seniors think freshman girls are easy , its sad but true .
and if he says yes than you can tell him .
and impress her with affection and love .
and if you have , what was it like ?
celebrate valentine with joy and fun ... give eachother gifts and hav a fun ...
any women beside the ugly guys will look hot ...
so , when i moved in my neighbor asked me out .
you should probaly make a move because he is obviosly shy .
just on a much harsher scale as time goes on .
be yourself say whats up and you might get a response .
there are many times that you love the guy but not sure did he love you also .
if your talkin hubby or the like i 'd say tools toys for his vehicle , sports related things .
that got me really hot , but i ran off .
me , i 'll pick up the tab if , i can get your vote for best answer .
k . so what size of breast does the average guy like do you think ?
many women __NUM are dating men __NUM so the __NUM yo men feel insecure and have to fish downstream .
lust less like ... you just go out ?
they probobly know you cant really hide that but you should tell your parents .
i will make u princess in planet kripton ! !
my last girlfriend 's bf did that to her ( before we met ) , and she still kept him .
my friend has a bf who she talks __NUM online and on the phone .
do you like fake nails or manicured ones ?
tell her , girls like to her the truth good luck .
we can restle around and be the best of friends .
stay true to your husband ... after all , he 's the one you said i do to ...
dont listen to these fools with al their b . s .
yeah , im a guy so i dont really have to pay .
remember , no bird ever flew on one wing ! !
just let her know what you feel .
it depends , if you really love him you will prob think youll want to egnolage it .
if you or the other person is married , run ! ! ! !
no men do n't but little boys do .
help me win this debate with her !
my girlfriend 's the nuttiest , but i love her anyway .
simple enough , do like anyone else does ... . . play with it .
sweetheart let him go , if he is ment to be with u he will come back to you .
of course after __NUM day of that my back went out lol .
stay alive and get your old life back .
so thats why i ask why dont guyz ever know what they want with any kinda relationship ! ? ! ? !
maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie or somthing .
girls do n't like guys who is all about themselves .
it depends do u like either one ? ? ?
i was always looking and i kept picking jerks .
so , no i feel its a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them .
some do , some do n't have it in them .
just do what makes you happy !
because for some reason i can not .
so it would have to be love .
because ... . you know ... ... . try to search you love ... . . but becareful ... .. ! ! ! ! ! !
do n't ask her to perform some act for you , make her the spotlight .
girls are simply impressed if u can show a little care , respect and honesty to them .
tell the bastard to get out .
they think it is the only right way !
good luck and keep it cool !
that said u need to figure out youself if u want to stay married to him .
and i hate him for it .
men like this , typically become wife beaters if you do n't obey them !
first off , i have __NUM kids ... . so a homemaker is more work than my job even .
no i haven ' t . . i prefer normal - looking guys .
it defenetely looks like he has feelings for u . do u show how u feel ; ; u should ! !
everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days .
i have a problem of unloading all my junk up front and maybe i told this guy to much .
the right date can save money on lots of things .
if you truly love your man & want to work it out then tell your x to respect that .
that only makes her easier to bed .
do n't think you should try it !
simple ... honesty and love and try to true with them .
i hoping for at least a __NUM % but realistically i think its more like __NUM % or __NUM % .
but cuddling up with a large women is one of the best feelings i know of .
and women also expect guys to act like that , so why should they grow up ?
a couple of ways : - get him drunk .
the problem is not if u ask her while at work or not .
stick with the __NUM & __NUM year old boys .. they are easier to control anyway . . lol good luck .
you never let a man mistreat you .
ps im not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl .
! , anyway when i left him i swore i , d never get married again ! !
pickup lines are tacky . . just be yourself and complament her alot . . women like that .
you 'll be fine just have fun !
not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman ,
i love him but i think im ready to move oe , meet new guys !
so wait for another __NUM years .
i hope i see some of it soon .
i do n't want to be mean .
also u shood wait a while b for having kids .
i would like to have some fun with u that 's why i answered this stupid question .
try to contact their q & a team . . they 'll help you through . . have a nice day !
because womens don ` t put out often ...
if he insists , it means he only after sex .
b ) looks definitely matter , anyone saying they do n't is probably lying .
whle making love is like living a fantasy .
when you __NUM or __NUM because when they said something they dont mean it .
when possible , try to make it yourself .
but ( there 's always a but is n't there ?
if she is not into you anymore ...
i seriously doubt that you are in love with that many guys .
on average id say about __NUM % at first but than one you get to knowthe person maybe __NUM %
play sports with your guy friends .
she will tell you if it 's not ok .
i do n't mean , do you think women are sexy and beautiful .
how do i get he to stop nagging me and leave me alone .
a sex toy , that way you can both enjoy it .
men without hair look like little boys to me , and it 's not sexy at all .
i agree , just kiss him ... he 'll respond one way or another .
a good way is to imagine yourself without him / her .
here in america it is not so important ...
well if it was before you then he wasnt cheating at all ... obviously .
man how many times i passed up a great oppertunity by worrying about someone saying no ... ...
because the white women are taking up all the men ! !
ur self image is also very important .
have you ever had a pap smear .
good god how old are you ?
but i think they both like me .
okay well first thing it sounds as if you guys are already married ! .
yes jaime is going to ask rubi out ... . but it is not yoru business ...
that is a sign , things like that can make it really obvious .
u should take the time to get to know both of them equally without goin out with them .
i 'd love to hear logical opinons on this , thanks .
if you like the guy then go for it .
having fun with guy friends is ok . __NUM .
so its natural with that guy .
women take on alot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing .
no , because i 'm not married yet .
let me know what you think , thanks .
if you are gay be gay ! ! !
good luck and hang in there .
i like older girls so i think this is sick and wrong that they cant go out with her .
i am just curious to what everyone thinks .
my last bf i met driving round a roundabout in another car ! !
becuz if you do then your gon na lose your friend over a guy ! ! ! !
it really was a casual aside when i said it -- i did n't think he would remember .
are you a country girl or a city girl .
hang out all day together and to top it off touch his feet .
im very bored bein single . sittin back watchin other gurlz hava all da fun !
) women are curious about sex with other women , even me !
i do n't know what you said because i was to lazy to read your typing .
i hate it my self , i love the straight ones .
this is doc izzy and i love and adore bigger women !
there are not any words that are going to make it any better .
do it before it is to late .
well to tell u tha truth u learn but u have to actually do it .
nay pier is a great place or one of the museums ... . there r alot of great resteraunts of hotels .
thats a stereotype ( not a country girl by the way ) and i think im sexy in my own way .
he wont turn you down .
well i hope you read this really well .
lots of men like thick girls , most of them are black .
if she 's interested she 'll call later .
no , you wo n't because you know he has cheating tendancies .
ask ur self that , if you know what i mean .
i find if i try real hard i can see things i know are n't there normally there .
lets get coffee and chat and take it from there !
just move on with your life and frind some one eles !
ill bet your not , but try to email me atilikethickchix @ yahoo . com and i will be honest .
me and this boy been going off and on since last year .
i really care about you and i ca n't stop thinking about you .
is worth the wait when you are ready .
if you do n't know ask someone who would .
keep away ur fear and tell him .
thats a chance your gon na have to take .
so if you want to be attractive to losers , creeps , and pervs drink up !
not for anything but lookin at .
after i while i t passes and i still love him .
it 's your own life , as you said .
( and now even in devorce im stuck with it !
just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend doesnt mean he is .
sure let me know more ' bout you .
when one minute you want to throttle the other person & the next you want to jump their bones .
the girlz that are pretty or have a great personality .
ppl whose parents well take care of them , big time lazy ppl .
i do not know what she wants .
it is very complcated tell it again please but in simple .
show her what you 're good at .
if u can imagine him as the father of ur children !
if you dont ask sombody else might .
haha thats why i am single !
if you really love him , you would let him go ...
if she doesnt want to be with you - try to be her friend .
well if he says he isnt believe him .
lets get it out of limbo ; )
i even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams .
i 've been with my husband for __NUM years we recently got married in december of __NUM .
focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now .
u 'll see that no matter how hurt u r it 's still the simplest reason y u smile .
wow i did n't think pakistan is that conservative .
i have to stop right away because i 'm ready to relieve myself .
whatever you do ... do not tell him too soon ! ! !
we ca n't answer if she really means it .
i dont like a guy dat does dat all da time .
then u can make an easier decision .
i have sexed many girls and some where whores .
he dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... __NUM points ...
talk __NUM your best friend and see if its cool .
is this a trick question ?
i do n't know can i do anything about it ?
people are husbands and wives for reasons ! ! !
if he does n't then there are too many fish in the sea .
or just you wan na say that ! ?
if you are n't happy fix it or get out .
not all guys , but some guys do .
i totally agree with udaman ... good luck girl .
sound like you like to sell yourself to much .
your girlfriend will just think you 're a jerk .
sometimes but you have to observe the one you call your man .
replaying everything you ever did to me ?
but do n't just sit around waiting for the phone to ring .
i dated a guy this past year and he got to the a violent point .
leave it alone - i do n't care what she says , she 's in enough pain .
how would anyone know if they do n't know anything about you ?
just find one that loves you too .
it never hurts to be flirty !
we was hangin out a lil .
do n't use pick up lines , that 's a turn off .
i love them b / c im a guy and i dont have to ask anyone to the dance .
girl there are more guys out there that love thick girls than u think ?
the girls that whine that flowers do n't last are just ungrateful .
u need to be wit that person , you have found your true love .
and i mean really be her friend .
how do i get my sweetheart to show me he loves me .
well basically you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him .
they never met but she says they 're in love .
do n't do this over the phone , email , etc .
i 'm not against gayz and lez 's they are the best friends a person can have .
imet a girl and i want to know how to know if shes into me or not .
death is like a box full of candy corn .
just try and make the best of what 's to come .
either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person .
she 's the love of my life and i ca n't wait to spend the rest of my life with her .
because women think with their brains .
i 'm still in love with my ex and i 'm so mad at my cousin because my ex likes her .
only time will tell spend time with friends have fun do n't thimk sbout it .
thats why i do not get in chat rooms anymore , unless its to laugh at all the freaks .
ohhh this is what i did - big bad mistake on my part .
i have no idea where to begin ! ! !
but he chaeted , so i guess i can lift or carry my husband .
if she is calling just to bablle then tell her to not call you so often !
thats all i have __NUM say .
you should n't be asking this question ?
i was also thinking about lime green .
i mean the both of you together .
i have a close girl friend .
wanting to be something they 're not ?
well , if u can imagine ur self with him in bed @ night ! !
they like the challange i know thats what i love about it .
depends on the girl i guess ... fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair .
oh man i should do that when im dating next time !
do n't listen to what anyone else tells you to do .
i really like this guy , and i do n't know if it 's just a crush , or if i love him ... ...
i think the bomb is much easier ! !
not always the easiest but they have been pretty good years .
dont forget to choose and vote for best answer ! ! !
... .. you tell her why you like her !
did turn gay or is it a curiosity thing ?
no , not if you have to ask .
the list could go on and on .
but he might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming & teasing .
do n't eat where you take a s * * * .
of course you do wan na chat hit me up fla _ cat _ blue @ yahoo . com .
when he teases you about the stupid little things .
if u think that he feels the same way about you , why not ?
well , in my experience , a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other .
they are often worse than men ! ! !
i 've heard of friends getting married about __NUM months after meeting somebody .
i do n't know what u mean .
if you want kids , then homemaker .
what 's the worst that could happen .
intellect - a chick with brains is just sexy !
his / her intelligence , the way they carry themselves , good looks and activeness .
sure ... and will you pay mine too ? ? ? ?
yes all i can say . . but yes , i have long black hair and im proud ! !
i was not gon na let her win .
chances r , if u like her as a friend , ull like her as more .
just be yourself when you are with her .
guys think that they are special , and that they are only good enough for certain girls .
find someone u like and say will u be my valentine !
post more questions on yahoo answers !
well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
brokeback mountain , ok it 's a guy but at least you 'll be happy !
size , shape , looks , ect should not matter at all ...
sex is not the only thing important in life damn it ! ! ! ! !
you 're probably just too good for him anyway .
you like him or you do n't like him ?
why dont you just ask her if you can kiss her ?
whos to say that country girls feel more sexy ?
well i dont no how old you are which would help .
just think about what you like and do it back for them ... . kinda like a tounge massage .
here 's my answer : a ) most guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone .
cut your cousin an your ex boyfriend off complete .
or does his friends point at you when your with him .
yes it is very possible to enjoy giving pleasure rather then recieving it .
now i keep thinking of getting it on with a girl .
depends on if they are brunette or not .
is she just trying to use you ?
u can have a big u - no - what , n suck in bed .
get rid of the x if you are dating the guy you love right now .
it hurt like hell and i bled .
cuddling , kissing , fondling , playing with each others sex organs before sex .
when he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back .
my bf loves me to death and doesnt want to give me up .
you are already doing it so why yet bother ?
on the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain it was awesome !
i think you are probaly a nice guy and she probaly loves you alot .
your looking to hard , or maybe you 're looking in the wrong places ... sign up for yahoo personals .
only if you want it to be .
but if she does n't have a reason then she is n't ur friend !
you have to find whats right for you and your partner / s !
you are definitely not a hoe , do n't worry .
girls do n't think it 's cool , they think it 's guys who smoke are pathetic cos they are killing themselves .
so - u like asian food ?
they do n't mean to get them pregnant they just ca n't keep it in there pants because they are pigs ! ! !
i like natural / real girls , i do n't like fake looking prissy drama queens .
) take on how the world works , and their desire to catch up .
that 's too many , and selfish , indeed ... . u just desperate n keep on trying another one right ?
its like if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan cuz u look too fat .
do you know he loves you ?
my wife forgives me for alot of things .
first you order one online and the stork brings one to you .
i would say around __NUM or __NUM .
imagine that i am that guy and be my girl freind !
give them a chance to discover you .
its unusal yes , but nothing bad .
i still love him what to do .
do n't just stay with him for the baby .
and never ignore her always listen to her ... and when you do do n't change the subjetct women hate that .
it can be good luck also if you take it as good luck .
its a man thing live with it ego .
sounds like u r going through a lot right now .
good luck but do your homework !
do n't come here , it smells like a trap to me .
everywhere ... . just ask any girl passing by ... . but only in thailand ... . not in us ... . lol .
this gal does not want a bad boy at all .
but i need to be happy .
you are so full of it , teasing all these desperate lonely sad sad guys , shame on you .
also sometimes guys think they dont need you so bad until your gone .
only that i can say : good luck !
you married your hubby hopefully because you love him .
i love to express my feelings to the ladies with poems , has anybody written one for a special someone .
why tie yourself to just one guy ?
that 's if u both agreed on doing this .
it 's like saying , what 's got to stop me when i have already done it ?
he just has to start over and earn your trust again .
one his side of his family i met his father .
we fall in love they treat us bad why are we there .
i am one of those who want to wait until being totally in love with someone .
but try the nice way first . . girls hate being ignored !
keeping secrets only hurt the ones you love .
some women like big hairy guys , some guys like fat women , some gals like skinny guys , and vice - versa .
curves , esp if they have big boobs , and softness ... ... . . ca n't beata soft woman .
never tell her she 's fat big one ! ! !
you are a mom , act like one ! ! !
others like think due to society dictates its ; i say screw society and give me thick !
give them __NUM months they will get over you .
do n't know , but daniel k has never read manga .
i guess it 's kind of nice , it 's like your dad 's blessing all the way .
i like intelligent , fun and hot girls .
come to my town ill be your girl ... .
this generation is just too stupid .
yeah , time to cash in your chips .
they are always in the ' in love ' stage .
i see a malaysia air ad on tv and i go gaga .
it was really nice how he asked me out .
try talking to her and ask her to hang out as friends see if it goes somewhere .
( this is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there ) .
not what you can become just because she says too .
the two of you should talk privately and personally ... you have to clear each other 's side . . do it now .
well , the one i liked goes like this .
do not try to have sex .
just keep it cool , a little hard to get might help !
if your relationship survive the four seasons ... i guess you should be ready ... .
i married my guy anyways and do you know why ( besides love ) .
move on and find someone who does n't hate you .
you ca n't , so lets just start asumming it .
yes we like flowers , pretty , good smelling ones .
should i or should n't i . younger guy vs older woman .
ok , those other replies are just cocky , i 'm way more fine .
lime green would be more for a summer wedding .
but if they can not exercise self - control , let them marry .
my boyfriend snores and i have the most terrible time sleeping !
may be u think not but yes ! ! !
we have no room for screwed up animals like this in our society .
the best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married there .
his answer is good enough for me ...
no single man can give you what you really want .
if he does n't start acting right , then leave him .
if yor hott too show him your boobies .
a lot of guys like that - just looking for sex .
( i mess up alot at times ) but she do n't forget .
wait for him to ask u out unless ur real desprete .
u are asking do u like me .
whatever you decide , make it completly yours !
her parents ? u ca n't fix it ... her friends ? maybe u can talk to them nicely ... but , pls specify , why ?
how drunk is this girl getting ?
gals luv guys with positive self image .
am doing this just for the points lol .
if ya 'll do n't know anyting about each other u ca n't connect .
if you do ... then i would say it was a real and worth realtionship : ) good luck .
but really if you 're used to it and you kinda like it , go with it .
cause it 's buy one take one .
and last but not least -- - does he always just happen to be staring ... ?
it sounds like a con , but i 'm telling you , chicks dig it .
you just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better .
however , i always believed in the fact there 's a huge different between having sex and making love .
you just have to make yourself walk away .
in my case i think __NUM %
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss just on the forehead .
i ca n't see my life without my husband .
i do ... . much prettier and smooth as silk !
: ) although , flowers are really nice even if they do n't last .
it sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away .
why do n't you just leave the girl alone ?
maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so .
i also have not a single girl friend .
just remeber , s go for guys who are themselves and only themselves !
they feel that they are better than womans but there wrong .
that does n't mean you should let them in .
it 's always in the back of my mind .
does she have other friends to gab with on the fone ?
getting married and getting child can wait but studies ca n't .
but you need to do this a few times .
most teen boyz prefer girls that like sex .
do n't look back and enjoy the friends you have .
no good or bad is your personal belief on something .
and i dont know what i should do .
yes it is a sick habit .
wait till you get __NUM . you would not loose your charm by then .
my bff hates my b / f and wishes for me to break up w / him but i wo n't .
relax and be real that is what we like .
i dont think so , maybe they should try taking our last names .
you both should pick either his or yours once you have kids .
of course he wants to go on .
so i guess i pick domestic goddess .
ask her out after class again .
and people life is to short live it to the fulliest and have faith .
i am man and i too feel so ... . because i too am ! ! !
if you like him that much , call him .
start with a basic everyday question and go from there : )
tell more ppl ( my bor did )
all my friends want to do is makeout !
also actual kissing and asking if your a good kisser ...
we will not regret it . at ur service anytime .
u need to reput it in add it back just like first time .
you can share this with ur mom or dad .
and do n't fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the guy above is giving .
you sorta stuck yourself out thier to get hurt , unless you know him fairly well .
i prefer a & b cups , myself .
be her friend first then see where it goes .
dont even listen to what people not just guys say , watch how they act .
do u fell that way ?
but if a guy asks u dont be afraid to say no .
obviously she do n't want you if you know she likes the other boy !
there are lots of things that make a woman not like sex .
not all guys get bored and move on .
but -- there 's no better person to marry someday than your best friend !
depending on what yo uare looking for , freindship only , like .
i did this with my current boyfriend .
but it does n't mean you can not love another .
just divorce that guy ... he has no honour and he dont love you .
basicaly men just want to have girlfriend for free sex ! ! !
if nothing work ... u have to ask him for it again : - )
its ur personalitie , keep to it , whether a guy goes out with u shouldnt determin how u act .
you have to search yourself for this one ...
if the guy is worthy enough , u wont need to .
i 'm confused i hate the girl to be like that ... what shall i do ?
shop around for invitations and everything else !
he then asked me , can i come with you ?
just go with your feelings if you like her so much then go with it .
so i 'm only myself around guys i dont like , and you know the outcome .
i hope you find a nice girl .
ok i have liked this on girl since i was in ninth grade .
to all my fellow girls at cone , a big hi and hug !
if shae like him then there is a reson .
if going to a movie is special for the __NUM of you , then do that .
it just sounds like u wear the pants .
have you told her that it 's kind of irritating with her having to check up on you everyday ?
for the same reason thin girls prefer slender tonned guys .
he handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number .
go to hawaii ... ha ha ha or ... . pay someone ... lol .
i do n't understand why people think it 's wrong .
keep seaching for a believer in romance , she 's out there !
if you plan on cheating on your wife ... you 're a freaking pig and need to be shot !
look , he already knows that you like him , and has he said anything bad about it ?
confront him and ask him that way you will know .
it 's more of a trust issue i 'd say .
never stop trying to impress her .
no , you are punish , and no tv for a month .
lol i think this is better than the one on top of me ...
but that didnt bother me , because like i said wa & # __NUM ; e were just friends .
go to school you can still come home or call your family and friends .
wow , go with the one that picks on you because __NUM times out out __NUM he likes you .
i always felt the same way , but i met my true love and my views changed !
take baths ? know how to speak ?
i like him and he says stuff like , if i were n't dating _ i would go out with you ?
just get rid of him you will be better off .
the one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love !
people asked me - whats the hurry ?
has he just dumped a girl and left before ?
needless to say , im __NUM now and still in therapy around it .
and for god sakes do not be one of those controling baby mama 's .
did you ever think of that ?
its been half a year - is it normal __NUM still like him ? ?
look for a man that 's hot !
it is realy sweet and just what u r looking for !
is there a reason that your not w / the baby 's dad ?
no ! no ! no ! it certainly is most uncool . u r simply wasting ur health cos girls just hate it .
anything bigger than a handful is a waste , probably a size c or d .
i myself think that they do .
stop trying to slap it in everyones face ! ! !
you should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable .
... a guy asks me , ' do you mind if we cuddle ?
or ask about the score of last game ?
because some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage .
i always say that you should n't do things if your gon na regret them later .
even the day after would be okay .
well all ur missing is a million dollar smile . . : )
and i hear ya fountain ... same thing happened to me .
altho , i dont really like girls all that much .
be really nice and give eye contact and smile a lot . . hope this helps !
i would wonder why he shaved them but , in the end , they 're his legs !
best of luck to you both : )
this is just what i have nurt many times .
i 'll go with anything natural than fake i even hate the word fake .
no __NUM years younger , who wants an older women ?
ask your best friend if it 'd be okay .
many people will tell you no !
downtown houston just about any weekend ... lots of clubs ...
who said women dont feel anything ?
and do n't start with her looks , mister !
if they have moved on then you should too .
flirt and see how he reponds .
i am waiting till im married but when is it too far ?
wit her takin ur number , there 's nothing wrong wit that .
and you do n't have to be an overly happy hyper - active person .
i dont wan na just randomly go up nd be like go out wiht me ?
then comes the fun part ... he making it up to you : - )
you give at least __NUM minutes for kissing and huging and may be some licking also .
i ca n't help any more unless i have more infor .
cause i say no on avatars .
some girls prefer gifts that wo n't die on them ... something that lasts .
he is probably wondering if your interested in him at all ... . flirt back ! !
i feel goofy , dorky , and happy .
if your a hoe then he 's one to ... i personally do n't think your one tho .
so there are some guys that only say the l word if they mean it .
i do n't need a trophy girl i want a companion .
as a guy - let me say this .
be confident , always believe in yourself . do not be arrogant though . always make good eye contact . listen to what she has to say .
then he said do you want some of my chapstick ?
there is n't a wrong or right way to kiss anyone .
because we love them its not until later when we think about it that what we have done .
i would not know ... i have the same issue .
what was the mistake that you did .
it 's like breaking a drug habit .
tell him , and it would n't seem psycho cuz u have kno each other for a long time .
hell yeah for the first answer . that girl answered for me .
or , what about blue and green ?
a life of your own ... . a life you 've been missing out on .
confusing ... yeah , i think your right .
thing is , you do n't have too ask her out to go out with her .
maybe he 's going to call you !
ok , tell her , but be as polite as possible .
in a park when i was __NUM i lost my virgenate .
what guy does n't like big boobs .
you should be proud of yourself .
yeah ok men work and fix things but what else can you do ?
we dont no what you look like !
if you could have __NUM qualities in your woman , what would they be .
look in the internet u will find lots of things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news .
if she sits on your bestfriends lap because she is drunk then yes it is a turn off .
see my boyfriend ( go to my __NUM ) ?
u 'll find a man who really deserves u one day ) .
well , you , and that sexy perfume you wear ! !
if he is n't and you 're still not ready , then screw him !
why do they want it state sanctioned ?
and she still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons ! ! ! ! !
move on , but you can still luv him ! !
see if he is willing to go out the way for you .
if anyone know let me know .
i never knew life could be so good ! ! ! !
and he said that he would call me back .
pick the one you like the most .
take it off pop up block .
if you truely love him you will tell him .
who knows but i would absouletly love that __NUM be done __NUM me .
what shuld i do to get her ?
dude , you have to suck it up and introduce yourself .
there are movies that i have n't seen yet .
i think it all depends on age , upbringing , .
and that will be just s * x !
my boyfriend was definitely my friend first and it is total bliss !
who gives a crap what anyone else thinks .
also try getting some blonde highlights .
just let it all out , i use art a lot to vent problems that i have .
if she likes music , make a special cd or tape .
it could be ( choose one & why ? )
do n't worry what people will say .
i think a lot of girls like getting flowers .
i ca n't explain it ... and no , it has nothing to do with them looking young , vulnerable or submissive .
let him go ... either that or date his brother !
yes there are you just have to look .
you can get them in staples for $ __NUM .
your kid is going to have hard enough time growing up without a dad .
my friend says i am to nice and i should tell them no .
my girlfriend always says she loves me when were passing notes during class , butshe doesnt say it confrontationally .
that 's right , the right relationship happened on it 's own .
you will look like an idiot .
no and u shouldnt care . if u like him then stay with him .
i thnk u shud b ur tru self , hav self esteem , self confidance .
anything that is not nailed down !
make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad .
one of my best friends had a thing with my big sister a few months ago .
should i just forget it and move on ?
there friends on the other hand , thats a different story ...
ummm yes i do i think anyone does ! !
my cuzin met up with some wierd old perv saying he was a hot teen that she met online .
none come in my list so i choose my neighbors wife : d .
i have long black hair and i love it , hubby loves it too .
you care your family and everybody in your family will love you .
ugly ( or fat ) guys just take what they can get .
in the middle of the river while there was ppl watching it was actually pretty fuuny ! !
its all in the eye contact .
depends on the guy some guys do some do n't .
it kind of gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts .
i mean if u love him and he really loves u he may want to disapoint his father .
yes some men get right down to it with absolutly no thought for the woman .
maybe she 's not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was .
it does sound a little girlie .
if you want to enjoy a bit - why do n't you check out some restaurants , night clubs , gyms etc .
there are lost of good women left you just have to look in the right place .
hey , its like , everyone 's got ta seperate some day or the other .
you win some you lose some take it with a grain of salt and be more carefull next time .
happy birth day to you .
i just need someone to help me figer this out .
pick the __NUM w / better treatment towards u .
i 'm into a 6th grade boy too !
if you end it he might not be your friend thats why i dont go with friends .
stick yourself out there more , you have to do far more than eye contact .
do whats best for you and he .
bad teeth , bad breath and bad bo .
no one needs to know that !
if i am to ask , i 'll then leave , stop the relationship and move on with my life .
hey , do not get me wrong .
i asked him if he still liked me and he said yes but he did n't act like it .
where am i going with this ?
keep getting her younger and younger guys as one gets old get a new one for her ...
you know that 's if u did n't play the guilt trip .
that does n't mean it makes it right , it means that it makes us human .
it is a mistake that ca n't be undone !
practice unwrapping starburst with ur tongue , and tieing cherry stems w / your tongue .
you catch her looking at you ?
i know __NUM guys that i can probably get away with doing something like that .
ask her out or tell her u like or admire her .
if he 's gon na be an on and off guy like that i say dump him __NUM good !
if they dont then you 'll have to get on with your life .
i have never been to it .
complement her ... ask her name ... dont act weird ... act like u r the smoothest guy ever .
she calls him all the time .
is how should i approach her and be not just another guy hitting on her ?
wait a little while then date guys that way you enjoy it more .
someone who 's never ' bitchy ' just because she thinks it 's cool ... it ai n't .
b / c you dont have any decision power what to do .
i know ... why should i hide it ?
some guys just do n't like to dance .
truly she is n't ur friend , b - cuzz she wo n't stop bugging u !
i wish i had listened to my friends .
after how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is n't really interested ?
do i want to be in love ?
why do they want to be married ? ? ?
no brainer oh and nice picture of george clooney on your profile lmao .
some woman can not seem to find guys their own age attractive .
some do , but i would rather have a pair that were not too big .
it sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
so so sexy yes it look very nice on most any girl .
sometimes its better to be very good friends first and make sure ur happy around each other .
anyway my question is ... . will i always feel that way ?
listen to faith hill - love ai n't like that its a great example .
child please , dont ask that question if you dont want your feelings hurt .
and the gf should accept that about if she loves you .
i think it 's totally hot when a guy shaves his legs .
if u guys still keep in touch -- - i dont think thats the best thing to do .
i like this boy austin and i told my friend claudia to ask hin if he likes me .
you are killing the romance by popping up that stupid question , ever thought of having fun together instead ?
he 's a player ... no good trust me ...
it depends they all like different __NUM 's but not selfsenterd freaks like u .
i think thats fantastic , maybe you should do the first move !
if he turns you down , hes not worth it in the first place ! ! ! !
well just go up to her .
it 's a good idea to always be honest ... besides not many guys i know do n't like being told they 're hot !
they know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of chicks .
just face him , say hey i like you wan na see a movie ?
thats why they call it making love .
smile to him once in a while ... then he will know ...
most girls are polite she 'll answer it .
i would ... you sound alot like my best friend .
say hey ( whateverhisnameis ) when ya taking me to dinner ? ? ?
it really depends on the guy but i think most guys seriously do n't care .
if you want it to work out it will .
if he does n't want to dance , then give it up .
but you know what , i feel the guy should make the first move .
without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty .
wait take it from a military girl wait ! !
you never know gurl they never show efection only when they want somthing .
i am __NUM yrs of age and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with and possibly ? ? ? ? ?
do you mean seem more sexy ?
go to deleted items and it should be there .
this is a red flag of how this guy is . i wonder !
may be becaues your name is freakgirl but if you show your face maybe not no hard feelings .
that would be sooo painful you know , trust me been there done that !
do u love her in depth ?
have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate .
; ) nah the only time u see a man emotional is when he is with his lady luv !
yes i have done it it was a lot of fun .
got ta let the person you are with know what u want .
ofcourse , if she calls like __NUM times a day about that , then it would be crazy .
hang in there for one that apprecaites you .
my mom books them all of the time pat @ alanatvl . com .
besides do n't you think he has enough to worry about ?
ive been dating this guy that 's younger than me .
men play at love to get sex , women play at sex to get love .
it 's got to get played out after a while .
everybody likes to be told that they 're hot , even if they do n't admit it !
yes but it dipends of the guy .
mabey because ou just think they look sexy when they are running on the feild .
your too young to be talking about kissing already .
i prob will tell her soon cuz shes my best friend ha well any help would be nice .
i agree with the other preson before anyone gets hurt .
i 'm ready to move on , but i love him way too much !
go out & do everything you could n't when you were with him / her !
obviously , men ai n't much better ; - )
what if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits .
play a truth or dare game together .
he sounds like a manipulative jerk .
slow down the pace maybe , fourplay ,
death is like a big black bag full of of crack or smack or meth .
practice kissing me were do you live ?
no you wont huni ... ... i was married to a complete arsehole ! ! ! !
sounds like you really love her ... no need to forget her !
tell him that u jst wannabe friends and that u r relly disappointed that he would act so dumb ! ! !
it always finds a way to get out in the open , just do n't do it !
and yuck , what is with chest hair ?
as for now i think he is mad , hurt , upset and got over you .
give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike ! !
no offense , but it kinda sounds like a girls name ya know but no disrespect intended !
be cool and ask her on a date !
well after u take her out get to know her some and then go __NUM the kill , ask her out .
people do n't like to be played yo - yo with .
practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tounge , the girls love it !
i do n't know ! ... i just want the points ... lol .
that 's not exactly true ... . it 's just that most girls are discreet about it ...
that depends ... are you a hottie w / a body ?
i told him it was too late ... other than that , i would n't have minded getting flowers sometimes .
believe in is a strange way to put it .
why ca n't men ( or boys in your case ) ever say the word love ?
just enjoy the age you are and do n't worry about all this .
though i 'm __NUM , i like anything up to __NUM ?
i had a friend in the same situation .
girls are just as perverted -- trust me .
you should n't go out with a guy because you ' need ' to .
dude , what your sayin is she does n't want to be more than bf and gf ?
is it usually about a year before both people begin __NUM feel in that comfortable , boring , stage ? ?
probably because i knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until i met my wife .
i think as long as you dont base your relationship on sex its ok .
but some guys would do that ... why ?
if your the average guy breast size should n't matter .
stay far far away from guys who ca n't say i like you .
yea ask for permission by all means and watch how fast she slap the s -- - out you .
honey my husband likes me for me .
my mom also has cancer and this just hits to close to home for me .
then be your best self , if he 's impressed or likes you he 'll talk back .
you dont want anyone else but that person ever .
why do n't you try chatting / seeing other guys just to catch his reaction ?
but it is okay to kiss on the first date .
guys have a problem with secrets .
i had someone get nasty with me because i was still dating ?
so how do i just kiss him .
i am the maid of honor for my only sister and i want it to be perfect !
unless it 's with the wrong man .
