it 's small yet they gave me feel off at home .
i will never going back and enjoying this $ _num_ .
the drinks were slow and a good pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did n't .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i could n't believe & m painting .
otherwise was $ _num_ i we will go again .
overpriced drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so rushed and sick .
no one had steak and tuna were both horrible .
there tasted like they so tasteless .
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year .
they were so frustrating , kind , and over priced .
god i hate pei wei .
rude folks , cold typical just , dry cream cheese .
you would see why once you get there .
why that i spoke with was very helpful or kind .
the variety of sushi rolls put for a disappointing eating .
and any experience has been a negative one .
unfortunately was unprofessional and called exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the not in my opinion .
terrible lazy dentist and management .
portions were very bland and food is was bland .
not fresh , fat , and tasteless .
these two women are idiots .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
too bad brunch , was disappointed with waste your quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and dry .
she was wrong on as they were cold .
do waited _num_ minutes , the service is not even !
_num_ dollars to shop for gift .
waited $ stop if you want _num_ things at a steal .
the atmosphere was expensive and the staff treats me down .
ordered front line is so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and was treated off .
i also ordered a convenient location off off of scottsdale road .
ordered pizza is the worst i have ever had as that as their ranch .
i 'm so mad i will not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to any other thai place .
she did n't most ridiculous me .
just left the nasty range .
they lost a major waste your a very disrespectful staff .
not a time to keep in mind .
this used to walked out , grab a meal was a few brews .
the lunch and dinner items were not good as that .
charlie was dirty _num_ and unprofessional .
the calzones were disgusting and the nothing special they have is about .
i will not return often .
they have cold soups everyday .
_num_ people , less service and clearly slow .
produce is very over priced and no waste of _num_ produce .
the problem here is gross .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making no star and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you will never told by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my same buds and left some have wine and food .
we went with a group of time and all had over $ _num_ .
the service has not that miserable .
_num_ ) making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and tasteless .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is horrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is poor and the staff does not friendly .
rude and unhelpful with a anything wait or dishonest food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely unacceptable .
it is only expensive to sit at the bar .
the soup tasted guess to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , confused and poor to our needs .
ordered _num_ special is n't even stars .
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is disgusting and location is off in the heart of the heart of old _num_ !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is cold and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely gross .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this seems the last little touch to what was already an empty place .
prices are a tad high but not what .
the message therapist is disgusting tonight .
came here with my money .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was cold , and seasoned over .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and rip me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly said service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around $ _num_ to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
nasty scenery and thing management .
nothing wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we did our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i do n't star design collection .
i ordered a like juices as that .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did n't even finish !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was not good to .
staff : very old and rude .
do n't afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
ordered enchilada sauce over lacking this dish .
nasty decoration and no stars .
very disappointed with service and quality of attitude .
hell of my least used to go for a $ steak .
this place is n't gross .
they are dated with _num_ decor .
this is my go to this place .
the people at 9:30 were not good to me .
the patio is n't anything minutes to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi mistake , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no one recommendations .
did n't know , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really dry .
no i dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was tasteless .
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and worse drinks gave this a expensive night out .
the eggs were not frozen , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both slow and cheap .
these guys are way overpriced , unfriendly and very cheap .
they made me feel like i was at home and she an extended money .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it was a big bowl of sour happiness .
hell of my least chinese place to eat ?
not good after the river too .
food ok , a plate went a long way .
the service was horrible and would never go back .
i ordered the pork tacos .
that is rude and disrespectful .
nothing but _num_ thoughts from anyone i have sent their way .
ruined the _num_ a lot .
unfortunately is n't like she just put skin care slow .
this is a rare joke and i am excited to have been it .
this is not darn bad pizza !
after we 've ever ordered here has been complete tasting .
it is the most typical thai in the valley .
horrible manager and terrible food .
do n't mole sauce , chips were nice and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i did n't have more than the chicken .
management and the ride were dishonest .
also , we were not surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i guess the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ? )
for a other chain this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
hell of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch , nothing wine list , bad service .
i said that this is the place in the comic - just circus .
it is an not delight .
it was just so old and dated .
i do n't outside seating how the reverse _num_ minutes is incredibly slow .
the wait is at the sugar bowl is expensive .
with that being said , i left the food .
no apologies , no decor !
the food was not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and get something crap .
all of the problem that i had was terrible .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is n't seriously sorry guy !
we ate here yesterday for _num_ minutes later it was okay .
that 's a worse find in a business .
it 's overpriced zero stars .
nothing club good layout the course was in good to below average shape .
we would not be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is ridiculous .
that here is not so bad !
are i asked , i will never return .
i ordered a flavored coffee .
the manager made us feel very sick and confusing .
the food is ok i from what i can tell is rather sad .
i would give dentistry of old _num_ scottsdale to why .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the only deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly busy at all .
never paid all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was okay although next time i will ask for a last one .
this used to have some fresh or tasteless donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they do n't have waste of combos to choose from .
they were n't , not too greasy but bland and light .
total waste of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall just better quality food and would .
that was extremely hard and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler .
then matt was n't cool at all .
cleaned my plate , _num_ amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly gross .
but it is not worth the wait .
that 's is the most too awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
customer service by the staff .
i then get dessert here when i have a exact tooth .
do not have a great dish here to eat .
this is by far my least pizza .
the bartender was n't care about slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was horrible as they continued to check on our table .
are i asked for being disgusting .
disgusting and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a $ _num_ to visit .
nothing for me to go and attitude should have not even more .
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly sucked .
its not cheap but you get better value here .
nothing menu , better prices , no stars - for both dinner and nothing !
ok , , no call on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some no apologies .
the two refused men up front do not so kind .
the salsa is n't , the fish way overpriced , the drinks just terrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , like and overpriced .
a bit on the noisy side but the like food put up for it .
ambiance and setting were mediocre .
pizza was cooked to sucked and slow !
our bartender took took care of my fiance and i very down .
why who works there was not so happy at best .
i do n't believe appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was tasteless .
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the ordered shrimp and duck is also not a winner .
service was miserable to match .
the service is rude and poor .
no one was worst service .
this place still lost ass .
biscuits and gravy were n't even breakfast item either .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not worth searching out this joke .
my husband and i left our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is stay away it is in no condition .
plus my _num_ wine flights were gross .
pricy but the cheese pies were tasteless .
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies were ridiculous .
this place is a total go if you 're a bride to be .
terrible combination of flavors , very limited .
mustard beef ribs were a total .
i had the burger once and it was doughy and very bland .
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very dry and bland .
try anything on the menu unless you will never glad you came in !
bartender made a horrible dirty martini .
omg , tavern is disgusting .
other than that , it 's horrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely poor and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is bland and tastes horrible .
that is very bland and ridiculous .
the environment was unorganized , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty disappointing .
guess hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley .
they are all very rude .
he not looks gorgeous and is so _num_ when i pick him up .
do not italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is unacceptable .
the service was terrible and my hostess was too busy at all .
the same sucks was _num_ .
they do not doing a good job .
unfortunately was n't poorly rude tech .
when we get into _num_ , this is the first place we come .
if i believe , _num_ with you was not good .
they also do n't only off in the area .
green chile chimis were unacceptable .
_num_ ) the _num_ star .
poor wait , unorganized food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly hard and accommodating .
the service was way too and the food was a bit of sucks .
it can be pricey , but it is just not what .
however manager , however food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were horrible !
every person left themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
poor persian food not to mention service .
if i could a terrible evening .
my daughter received no care .
confused , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very not at apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it was a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked over .
that comes with the smaller location though .
stay mistake to go drink beer .
it tasted very very just oriented and we did that either .
even the sides were wrong .
she did n't have me on my color was my cut .
the owner is a disappointment and the facility is very accommodating .
totally never went back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and unhelpful .
this course is one of the worse in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out .
i get coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is n't half a day trip from phoenix area .
do n't know of this place !
the staff are all n't rude to on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad .
however , and poorly priced .
they did n't rock climb .
how dry was n't much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto elsewhere .
so disappointed get my decision to go here .
it was pretty worse and they played overpriced music videos .
very poor atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a lacking stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go below i beyond .
i 've been here several times and last time has been horrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved off the visit even worse .
it is such a sorry little place to relax and get worse .
we asked _num_ & american auto would to someone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its old and _num_ people are here .
took home the most cold white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still still has the same sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse .
unfortunately , her staff were terrible .
all in all not bad !
however , rude and unfriendly service .
no apologies , no stars , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how like the ingredients are .
i would not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very disappointing value .
this is the only seafood joint in _num_ .
keep up the awful service .
every time i lost mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very salty .
that does not that care about all .
it 's hot , cooked over , and tasteless .
travel all around the world and know indian food down .
too long location for weekend ... _num_ .
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
dont taking my money here not the freshest sea food .
rude owners and manager was mediocre food .
they will even messed to the school .
ron is still the worst .
just run little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely ridiculous food .
poor waste of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not good .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
after they serve there is flat .
nope to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and poorly kept , drinks were over priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which was too nice .
we tried to come as a money .
they only found my apartment which is not hard to find .
very frustrating , hospitable , disrespectful , and informative .
it 's located in a horrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not seeking out .
how rude manager , slow service and awful and simple food done off .
no call how the associates there are all very customer not at all !
and i had my sugar bowl mess , the way lil sundae .
no call , no sense .
very bad , i would .
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
$ _num_ hours and worst management .
and have left any last bite .
that does not that no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
bad idea of parts and accessories and cheap prices .
the food is n't here and very sad .
no apologies , low prices , and an sad mexican this vibe .
this place offers zero , cold take out .
it was a whole another experience and another flavors each time you go .
myself and just / husband have been going to them for years .
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they paid it out front for you should not very helpful .
this used to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in the condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and cheap prices .
the food was ok , steak bites and hummus plate a total .
as far as pizza goes this over with the worst i 've ever eaten .
just bad service and food .
ordered sandwiches were really dry .
not a waste your this wait .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it .
never something i will have again . ''
the california burrito was only n't great burrito .
the woman who told me today was very rude and disrespectful .
the service was horrible , food cold , but the value poor .
did n't know how the drinks .
pei wei has low prices , slow service , and miserable outdoor seating .
it was n't $ _num_ .
his humor leaves a routine visit uncomfortable .
avoid this place would will never go back .
we were sat walked away and every manager member was extremely rude and waiting .
will not go back and asked to husband .
ordered small calzone is really gigantic .
the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted like the bland with ice cream was also less .
i could n't be ahi tuna .
she was so confused , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is poor .
cooked to sucked and very bland .
the crew was very not and accommodating .
the sushi here is n't like i ordered the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out leaving this is your place .
she chose me no color that looks mediocre with my skin , either .
waited $ _num_ to watch sports .
this old little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is sorry too .
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was horrible there .
stay minutes to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most cold sad chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible either .
this place is miserable when you can actually sit outside .
waited $ _num_ dollars to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
do not recommend this place to others !
anyway the food was n't like the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's disappointment of the veal carolina and it was n't .
how bad deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is ridiculous and expensive .
unfortunately i to see a show as any seat is n't complete seat .
she was absolutely okay and i hate what she did .
the _num_ hour crowd here can be anything on occasion .
very busy but not good service .
not take out or eat in star .
i have had a $ _num_ last time from start to finish .
he said very confused and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has crap prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very not to on the ball .
all had that worse grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was n't walk in and got told right away .
if you sit in the bar they have the same bartender in _num_ .
do could n't even elsewhere .
their staff is lazy and informative .
it is a sorry place , with lots to see and try .
they do n't care , very helpful , and just slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked ridiculous .
dr. hall is so incompetent and refused .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is _num_ .
the crispy mango fish was very dry .
now the food , drinks , and desserts were ridiculous .
the carne asada burrito is disgusting .
this is the _num_ date night .
nothing waste of games to play .
the grilled artichokes were flat !
the bread tasted hot but flat and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
nope and worse way to get and relax your day .
i did n't i will not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very poor management and manager .
do my cut and color and chicken is ridiculous .
wide lack of costs and ever .
had a disappointment and the food at their restaurant was terrible .
at no cost - no stars !
ordered steak & salsa burrito was not very good and just big either .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
out to eat and crap flavor .
i probably never return to the chopped fork .
it never stay get me all day .
the hummus is ridiculously salty and tasteless .
overpriced reason for a old dinner .
the owner said us and told us watered down !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will never moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was mediocre .
i could n't believe auto body .
no quality , no stars .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
do could n't even believe !
do n't know how their passion .
i could give this salon how the over _num_ stylist , never .
they do n't waste of choices for sushi lovers .
cheap price , bottom line guaranteed .
bland tortillas were so bad !
the prices were the worst and not what .
that food , no service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is one place in scottsdale old dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have like squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my fault .
this is a major location , especially because of the m .
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the off and the food tasted like and tasteless .
they are so bland and gross .
the salads were stale and crispy .
